[Music]
welcome to b2b marketing and more with
your host Pam dinner as the leading
marketing and sales enablement
strategist keynote speaker and author
camp created this podcast to share a
professional experience and insights and
to help you be a better b2b marketer
never miss an episode by subscribing on
Apple podcasts now let's get started
[Music]
alright big hello from Portland Oregon I
hope everybody's doing well so for today
I want to share one observation okay
in talking to many of my clients I've
found that often doesn't seems to be a
nurturing stream or a nurturing
campaigns to address Li's rejected by
the sales team in some cases these
leaves are not even routed back to the
marketing automation system from the sea
I am tool even if they are routed back
they are just treated like any other
leaves as a part of regular email
campaigns so doing one of my workshops
and attendee asked me if we should have
a separate nurturing stream for rejected
leads if we do how should we segment
rejected leads to give that you know
personal touch and I told her that we
should definitely segment rejected leads
and we should do that based on the
rejected reasons or causes identify in a
CRM tool right because in the sea I am
tools that the salespeople need to entry
into a system wide this specific leads
was rejected and there are reasons as a
part of swirl bada you can choose from
the most common causes are chose
competitor blagah budget not ready or
lack of response so we should drill down
more with our sales rap to understand
each cost better then we can draft our
email stream based on these causes does
that make sense so if the prospect
sourced from our competitor maybe the
recommendation is to add them back to
the regular email campaigns but one of
my clients takes a whole lot more
extreme measure
they simply delete them from the
database because in the industry once a
sourcing decision is made people don't
usually make any changes for like five
to ten years I was like okay that's cool
I can totally understand why they
deleted the name from the database so in
this workshop we end up doing a working
session together as a team to create
nurturing strains for each cause there
were a lot of debates going back and
forth we did not have a sales person
actually in the workshop at that time
unfortunately so the action item out of
the workshop was to review the nurture
streams we created with the sales team
to get their input before implementation
so how do you manage reject the leave
for your sales team love to hear that
from you if you have a specific case
studies share that with me I'm more than
happy to share your best practice with
my listeners I bet they would love to
learn from you thank you so much for
tuning in to P to be marketing and more
with p.m. if you like the content please
subscribe if you prefer youtube please
subscribe to my youtube channel I
publish one video a week if you like the
content on the audio
I beg you would like the content on the
video as well it's all about HP
marketing so thank you so much for
tuning in and have a great day take care
[Music]
if you enjoyed this podcast please share
it with your colleagues and leave a
review on Apple podcast
[Music]